Add information about  valid clusterid (#726)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/usage/_index.en.md

which Submariner extends to `<pod-name>.<cluster-id>.<svc-name>.<ns>.svc.clusterset.local` across the cluster set. The Headless Service in
this case offers one single Service for all the underlying Pods.

{{% notice note %}}

> Since we need to use `<cluster-id>` in DNS query for individual pods, cluster ID must be a valid
> [DNS-1123 Label](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we need to use `<cluster-id>` in DNS queries for individual pods, the cluster ID must be a valid
[DNS-1123 Label](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names).
```
